"Index"	"idADB"	"Name"	"BirthYear"	"DescriptionText"
"15"	"193"	"Jonas Salk"	"1914"	"You have difficulty coping with the realities of every day life. Practical daily chores seem beyond your capabilities, and you have difficulty concentrating on matters at hand. You lack objectivity - the ability to stand back and view aspects of life from a detached and rational perspective. You have difficulty making decisions and in the process of weighing up the pros and cons in a logical manner. You speak from your heart, and are a compassionate and caring person with a strong intuitional nature. You value your personal relationships, in which you often taking on a caretaker role. You are such a sympathetic and understanding person that you are often caught in the role of mother to your loved ones. Your weakness lies in the fact that you fail to take an objective perspective when necessary. You often react without thinking things through first. You prefer to follow in other people's footsteps rather than initiate actions. You can be relied on to come up with the goods as long as someone else has the initial ideas. Your survival mechanisms are weak. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You see yourself as an independent individual, capable of organising your own life. You could be self-centred. The planets in this quadrant will highlight the areas of life in which you want to express yourself. You are a self-motivated and self-oriented individual. You like to map out your own life and follow your own path, experiencing difficulties only if anyone stands in your way. You value your independence and enjoy your own company. You enjoy the company of other people, but only if they give you plenty of freedom for your own pursuits. You need to watch out for egocentric and selfish behaviour. Your identity and personal resources are the basis of all other success in your life. You need to feel secure within yourself before you step out into the world. Family roots and your home environment will provide the foundations for self- discovery and self-knowledge that will form the foundation for future success. You need to make sure that you do not become a stay-at-home. Intense, magnetic, penetrating perception, power to confront. Can be destructive, vengeful, jealous, overly dramatic. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Scorpio indicating that you're a passionate and intense individual, who likes to experience life at a very deep level. None of the superficial skating over life's surface for you. You like to penetrate life's mysteries and the intricacies of personal relationships. You demand an intimacy and honesty in your life that can be challenging to others. In fact you're an excellent counsellor as you're insightful and not frightened of tackling the minefield of emotions which surround subjects such as death, sexuality and metaphysical experiences. You're also resourceful, in particular in financial matters. You often know the right place to search for information, or the right person to approach. Your feel emotions deeply. You may seek reclusion when under stress. You have a strong empathy with your mother, and need to learn your own emotional boundaries. You use resources well. You have a tendency to delve into the core of matters, preferring this to superficial knowledge. You may also be a worrier. Communications with you are intense. You want to share adventure with your partner, ranging from sharing adventurous ideas to hiking in the mountains. You may also enjoy relating with foreigners, and dining out with your partner at foreign restaurants. You are a passionate warrior. You are dramatic, and may have strong sexual urges. You may make a vengeful opponent. You are a seeker of the new and inspirational. You hold racially-inclusive values, and are a humanitarian. You may be emotionally inhibited and shy. You may feel isolated within your own family, and yet you will take your family responsibilities seriously. (1996 - 2004) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is a generation capable of brilliant scientific discoveries. It indicates original and inventive insight which benefits humanity. (1914/16 - 1928/29) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation is closely linked with the creative arts. Pleasure and extravagance are expressed in both the artistic and spiritual worlds. (1914 - 1939) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of upheaval in social systems. People born into this generation were born into troubled times which threatened their security and family. This generation possessed the ability to form new social concepts. The sign of Scorpio is considered to be ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Scorpio is also a Fixed Sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're shrewd, resourceful, perceptive, secretive, proud, and reserved. You're fated to experience some battles in life, resulting in possible crises in your emotional state, your physical health or your public status. The key to achieving your true purpose is to act with integrity at all times. You've a strong will, which is best applied to achieving positive results. Your sense of self-importance is strongly linked with your public status. You like to shine in your professional field. You have power, strength and leadership skills in your profession."
"20"	"142"	"Linus Pauling"	"1901"	"You speak from your heart, and are a compassionate and caring person with a strong intuitional nature. You value your personal relationships, in which you often taking on a caretaker role. You are such a sympathetic and understanding person that you are often caught in the role of mother to your loved ones. Your weakness lies in the fact that you fail to take an objective perspective when necessary. You often react without thinking things through first. You are receptive to other people and sensitive to the undercurrents involved in relationships. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Compassionate, sensitive, self-sacrificing, gentle, intuitive. Can be escapist, impractical, hyper- sensitive, gullible. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Pisces indicating that you're an imaginative and serene individual with a strong wish to be allowed to live in a world where harsher realities fade into the background and the dreamier aspects come into focus. You're a very talented individual, and it is indeed important for you to find a channel for all of your creative energies, otherwise you find yourself slipping into a world of unreality and apathy. You may even find yourself drawn to the world of drugs as a form of escapism. You're the type of person who finds it is important to set aside time each day for meditation, quiet time or artistic pursuits. Quiet activities such as sitting on a beach or listening to soothing music may appeal, in fact any activity which suits your gentle nature. You may find yourself drawn to the mystical or spiritual side of life, in particular pastimes or studies which develop your intuition and understanding of the sacred side of life. You need nurturing. Under stress you may want to retire to the comfort of your home. You will form a strong bond with your mother. You may have difficulty in breaking away from home later in life. You are highly intuitive with a good imagination. You have the ability to tune into other people's thoughts. You may have difficulty distinguishing reality from fantasy. You may experience periods where you seem to disappear into a dream world before being jolted back to reality. You enjoy unconventional and odd relationships, which give you the freedom to express your individuality. You enjoy talking more than touching. You enjoy being in a group of friends. You will pursue your personal desires in a practical and methodical manner. You may be critical if opposed. You have integrity and traditional values. You also seek professional status and recognition, and could be overly concerned with the letter of the law. You are conservative and authoritarian, and have strong worldly ambitions. You are a responsible worker. (1981 - 1988) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will seek and teach new visions for humanity. They will introduce new concepts of philosophy, religion and ethics. (1887/89 - 1901/2) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which can develop intuition and has the ability to learn, write, teach and disseminate compassion and spiritual understanding. (1884 - 1914) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of transformative inventions, and major breakthroughs in knowledge. People born in this generation were subject to new discoveries with worldwide ramifications. The sign of Libra is considered to be ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Libra is also a Cardinal sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. You're courteous, affectionate, thoughtful, modest and indecisive. Much of your life's purpose is connected with your relationships, both personal and professional. Human relationships are your primary motivation in life. You spend much of your time devoted to thinking about the needs and wishes of other people, ensuring that everyone is treating each other in a fair manner. For this reason your purpose may be connected with justice, mediation or diplomatic work. Your sense of self-importance is strongly linked with your public status. You like to shine in your professional field. You have power, strength and leadership skills in your profession."
"42"	"283"	"Corazon Aquino"	"1933"	"You have difficulty getting yourself motivated to achieve your own goals. In fact at times you may lack the self-confidence to even set personal goals. You may experience a general lack of enthusiasm, feeling overwhelmed by change. You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You enjoy challenge and action, and become frustrated when you have no recourse for change. You expect others to also rise to a challenge. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You are receptive to other people and sensitive to the undercurrents involved in relationships. Your identity and personal resources are the basis of all other success in your life. You need to feel secure within yourself before you step out into the world. Family roots and your home environment will provide the foundations for self- discovery and self-knowledge that will form the foundation for future success. You need to make sure that you do not become a stay-at-home. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Disciplined, responsible, reliable, industrious, conscientious, practical, achieving. Can be pessimistic, overly conventional, rigid, materialistic, callous. Humanitarian, innovative, group conscious, progressive, serving others. Can be rebellious, eccentric, aloof, emotionally superficial, overly extroverted. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Aquarius indicating that you're unconventional, friendly, unpredictable and innovative. Anything new and original will appeal, particularly if it goes against convention. You like to test ideas that have never been thought of before. At best this can be a exciting quest into unexplored territories. It can, however, be an indiscriminate rebellion against tradition. Not that you will mind, for you're a strong believer in people having the freedom of individual expression and not being oppressed by society's expectations. A regular livewire, you've an electric quality about your personality, which makes it difficult for you to sit still for long and also makes you attractive to people from all walks of life. In fact you prefer to mingle with groups of people, often adopting the adage 'the more the merrier'. You may also enjoy working in a group which fights a particular cause. You feel secure when life is structured, or you are working hard. You may be emotionally distant or cold. You mother's love may be limited in some way. Your mother may have been strict or cold. You are a wise and careful thinker. You place importance on credibility and authority. Therefore you will seek knowledge which carries some authority. You may approach new ideas with caution. You are shy in relationships. You will form relationships slowly, but they are likely to be enduring. You may not form close relationships early in life, but later will have solid and committed relationships. You are responsible with your money and possessions. You will pursue your personal desires in a practical and methodical manner. You may be critical if opposed. You have a strong desire to be of service, and high religious or spiritual ideals. You may also have an obsession with detailed perfection. You have an ability to work well in groups. Your work is often original and innovative. (1928 - 1934) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of initiative and spontaneity. It indicates the breaking down of old structures and the emerging of the new. (1928/29 - 1942/43) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. People of this generation are faced with the task of analysing the excesses of extravagance, and organising a systemic approach to blending the spiritual and practical. They are concerned with spiritual matters becoming part of a daily routine. For instance, it is this generation that may view regular attendance at church a necessity for good healthy living. (1914 - 1939) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of upheaval in social systems. People born into this generation were born into troubled times which threatened their security and family. This generation possessed the ability to form new social concepts. The sign of Libra is considered to be ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Libra is also a Cardinal sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. You're courteous, affectionate, thoughtful, modest and indecisive. Much of your life's purpose is connected with your relationships, both personal and professional. Human relationships are your primary motivation in life. You spend much of your time devoted to thinking about the needs and wishes of other people, ensuring that everyone is treating each other in a fair manner. For this reason your purpose may be connected with justice, mediation or diplomatic work. You need a safe and secure profession, and caring for others is often a key. You will experience strong emotions about your public status."
"301"	"59055"	"Sachin Tendulkar"	"1973"	"You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Stable and enduring, strong values, unyielding, earthy, acquisitive, strong desires. Can be stuck, stubborn, overly possessive, self-indulgent. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Taurus indicating that you're a reliable and solid individual, with a strong need for stability, routine and security. You approach life in a methodical manner preferring the tried and true pathways of familiar territory. In fact the adventures of unexplored territories fill you with feelings of foreboding and you can be quite stubborn in your refusal to leave your secure surroundings. Much of your energy is spent on making your world secure. For this reason you're appreciated for your reliability and ability to provide a safe haven for others. Tradition appeals to you, and therefore you're often seen as a stalwart in society, taking on the more conventional roles. Your down-to-earth nature also means that you literally enjoy the fruits of the earth. You also enjoy the sensation of textures and tastes, often indulging yourself in the comforts and delights of the sensual side of life. You feel secure when life is structured, or you are working hard. You may be emotionally distant or cold. You mother's love may be limited in some way. Your mother may have been strict or cold. You are an independent thinker. You talk quickly, and like to think up new ideas. You may experience flashes of intuition. For you romance and reliability go hand in hand. You approach relationships slowly and steadily, looking for someone who will prove solid and secure. You enjoy sensuality, and are reliable with finances. You will fight for just causes. You are unpredictable, but will probably be a group leader. You may become rebellious when angry. You are a seeker of the new and inspirational. You hold racially-inclusive values, and are a humanitarian. You are a disciplined and logical thinker with the ability to organise details. You prefer straight talk. (1968 - 1975) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which seeks new ways of achieving right relations. It indicates the breaking down of the old forms of relationships and the introduction of new. This generation may also have new concepts about justice. (1970 - 1984) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the gift of spiritual vision. They will be able to help humanity focus on spiritual goals and become more expansive and inclusive of differing races and beliefs. (1972 - 1984) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will be concerned with the cause of justice and transforming human relations. They possess the ability to see the necessity for change in personal and global relations. The sign of Leo is considered to be ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Leo is also a fixed sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're sincere, generous and ambitious, enjoying a sense of autonomy in all that you do. You're adept at organising your own life, and enjoy the independence. Generally speaking you're assured of your own purpose, and your life is full and eventful. However, there are times when your passion and haste lead to downfalls, and you also have to be wary of the dictum ""pride before a fall"". Fortunately you're usually back on track quickly thanks to your vital and sunny nature. You require routine and stability in your career, and will choose a reliable and determined path. You will be attracted to a traditional career such as a government role, or earth sciences."
"389"	"11144"	"George Foreman"	"1949"	"You have difficulty getting yourself motivated to achieve your own goals. In fact at times you may lack the self-confidence to even set personal goals. You may experience a general lack of enthusiasm, feeling overwhelmed by change. You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You are objective and philosophical, preferring to view life from an intellectual perspective. Your rational mind will outweigh your feelings every time, as you consider the world of emotions to be irrational. You have a high sense of fairness, and a logical thought process. Your weakness lies in the fact that you view emotions in a disparaging light. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You may procrastinate. You expect others to be flexible, like yourself. You are receptive to other people and sensitive to the undercurrents involved in relationships. Your identity and personal resources are the basis of all other success in your life. You need to feel secure within yourself before you step out into the world. Family roots and your home environment will provide the foundations for self- discovery and self-knowledge that will form the foundation for future success. You need to make sure that you do not become a stay-at-home. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Agile, versatile, inquisitive, flowing, conversational, airy, many ideas. Can be volatile, superficial, changeable, restless and inconsistent. Meticulous, discriminating, pure, practical, health conscious, hard working. Can be hyper-critical, petty and perfectionistic. Disciplined, responsible, reliable, industrious, conscientious, practical, achieving. Can be pessimistic, overly conventional, rigid, materialistic, callous. Humanitarian, innovative, group conscious, progressive, serving others. Can be rebellious, eccentric, aloof, emotionally superficial, overly extroverted. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Capricorn indicating that you're a serious and responsible individual with a strong awareness of the 'right way of doing things'. You've the ability to work steadily and honestly towards achieving your ambitions in life. Others grow to respect your reliable and steadfast personality, particularly as you grow older. In fact, the people in your life come to rely on your ability to be a remain calm and detached in times of crisis. Mostly, you enjoy this role, perhaps even unconsciously adopting a superior attitude to those less calm and sedate individuals. You're ambitious, and enjoy working long hours to methodically and patiently achieve your objectives, as long as you consider the goal worthy of attention. You indeed have the ability to work through a mountain of work, and eventually get to the top, through patience and an ability to create structure. You have a basic need for mental stimulation. You are curious and seek answers to many questions. You are a chatterbox. When young, you may have called upon your mother to provide stimulation and activity. You are brimming with original and unique ideas. You enjoy exchanging ideas with other people, particularly friends and groups of people. You are an inventive thinker, and may rebel against old and traditional ideas. You want to share adventure with your partner, ranging from sharing adventurous ideas to hiking in the mountains. You may also enjoy relating with foreigners, and dining out with your partner at foreign restaurants. You will fight for just causes. You are unpredictable, but will probably be a group leader. You may become rebellious when angry. You have integrity and traditional values. You also seek professional status and recognition, and could be overly concerned with the letter of the law. You are hardworking, practical, and good at problem-solving. You are concerned with rules and regulations. You may follow a disciplined fitness routine, and could work in the field of health. (1942 - 1949) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which becomes focused on new forms of communication and the world's networks. Original and inventive ideas may spring to life. (1942/43 - 1955/57) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to view human relationships from a more spiritual overall viewpoint, rather than the rules and regulations of the previous (Virgo) generation. It is here that some confusion over right human relations may reign. People of this generation will aim to achieve a balance in human relationships. They will also be concerned with justice. (1939 - 1957) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of power. People of this generation have the ability to use power both positively and negatively. World power and leadership will also be important issues for these people. The sign of Virgo is considered ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're not a risk-taker, but are more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Virgo is also a Mutable sign denoting versatility, flexibility, adaptability, sensitivity, restlessness, indecision and anxiety. You've a quiet, reserved, retiring and receptive side to your nature. Although you're not strongly ambitious you do persevere to accomplish your goals in life. You're economical, thrifty, hygienic, tidy in body and mind. Order and precision are your preferred modes of self-expression, and you like other people to follow your lead. Your intellectual ability could also feature strongly in your life, perhaps through research. Stimulation and activity are required in your professional life. Communication is also important. You would like to be recognised for your intellect."
"398"	"74943"	"Emmanuelle Charpentier"	"1968"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You are objective and philosophical, preferring to view life from an intellectual perspective. Your rational mind will outweigh your feelings every time, as you consider the world of emotions to be irrational. You have a high sense of fairness, and a logical thought process. Your weakness lies in the fact that you view emotions in a disparaging light. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You may procrastinate. You expect others to be flexible, like yourself. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. You strive to make your mark on the world. This may be beneficial, but could become disruptive if you become too caught up in an ideal. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Inspiring, broad vision, enthusiastic, goal seeking, truthful, adventurous. Can be reckless, unrestrained, tactless. Humanitarian, innovative, group conscious, progressive, serving others. Can be rebellious, eccentric, aloof, emotionally superficial, overly extroverted. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Sagittarius indicating that you're a sunny and optimistic individual, with a love of adventure. In fact adventure plays a key role in your life, whether it be literally travelling around the globe, or metaphorically speaking exploring the world of ideas and philosophy. You're particularly enthusiastic about anything that expands your world and helps you forget about daily chores. Religion, law, sport, philosophy, academia, and ethics are just some of the many areas which provide a gourmet of ideas for exploration. For these reasons you're also likely to be attracted to people from foreign lands, who help to give you a fresh and different perspective on life. You also enjoy setting goals, as looking forward to a new vision provides excitement. You will experience a strong link between the emotions and the body. You have a need for perfection. You may become ill when under stress. Your mother may be critical or a perfectionist. She will provide you with structure and order. You seek knowledge to expand your world view. You are a born philosopher, enjoying any information which helps you see the big picture. For instance you may enjoy a religious debate. You place importance on freedom of speech and thought. You enjoy unconventional and odd relationships, which give you the freedom to express your individuality. You enjoy talking more than touching. You enjoy being in a group of friends. You have a strong desire for diplomacy and justice, and a strong creative urge. You may become indecisive when opposed. You have a strong concern for justice. You are a diplomatic teacher, and express your spiritual values in your relationships. You are resourceful, and capable of applying new methods in a practical manner. Your lessons are in patience and self-reliance. (1968 - 1975) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which seeks new ways of achieving right relations. It indicates the breaking down of the old forms of relationships and the introduction of new. This generation may also have new concepts about justice. (1955/57 - 1970) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation has the ability to passionately pursue spiritual values. They face a battle between their desire nature and the desire for a spiritual way of life. They will know of the value of regeneration rather than stagnation. This generation may play a transformative role in the world. (1957 - 1972) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to transform the way the world sees health. Medical research, world-wide diseases, medical discoveries, and the links between mind and body will be focuses for this generation. The sign of Aquarius is considered ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Aquarius is also a Fixed Sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're gregarious and unconventional, original and objective. You're independent, and yet your purpose and fate are strongly linked with your friends and associates, and groups of people. Your associates can either help or hinder you achieve your purpose, depending on how quickly you learn to assert yourself. You're usually a good judge of character, but need to learn to trust your instincts. Your purpose may be linked with humanitarian causes, or with metaphysical groups or pursuits. It's also possible that you're interested in scientific ideals. You have an enthusiastic approach to your career. You like to be noticed publicly, and you may have foreign connections in your career."
"652"	"4627"	"Gian Carlo Menotti"	"1911"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You have difficulty coping with the realities of every day life. Practical daily chores seem beyond your capabilities, and you have difficulty concentrating on matters at hand. You lack objectivity - the ability to stand back and view aspects of life from a detached and rational perspective. You have difficulty making decisions and in the process of weighing up the pros and cons in a logical manner. You speak from your heart, and are a compassionate and caring person with a strong intuitional nature. You value your personal relationships, in which you often taking on a caretaker role. You are such a sympathetic and understanding person that you are often caught in the role of mother to your loved ones. Your weakness lies in the fact that you fail to take an objective perspective when necessary. You often react without thinking things through first. You enjoy challenge and action, and become frustrated when you have no recourse for change. You expect others to also rise to a challenge. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You strive to make your mark on the world. This may be beneficial, but could become disruptive if you become too caught up in an ideal. Initiating, pioneering energy. Independent, bold, courageous, assertive, fiery, inspirational, direct, decisive. Can be egotistical, impulsive, impatient, aggressive, lacking subtlety. Nurturing, protective, tenacious, emotional sensitive, watery, strong roots. Can be overly protective, unwilling to let go, timid, reclusive. Self-confident, generous, warm-hearted, powerful leader, dramatic. Can be overly proud, vain, extravagant, arrogant. Intense, magnetic, penetrating perception, power to confront. Can be destructive, vengeful, jealous, overly dramatic. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Cancer indicating that you're a caring and nurturing individual with a strong need for family and comfort. Like the crab you may appear to have a tough outer shell but you're vulnerable underneath and will withdraw into your shell and home if feeling threatened. This withdrawal can happen quite often as you've strong emotional reactions. These strong emotions can be directed positively into caring for and protecting others, particularly your family and loved ones. When you're feeling an emotional equilibrium you enjoy giving to others, sharing warm and loving moments, and also enjoy your own company. In particular though you yearn to look after those you love, nursing them through illness, cooking a favourite meal or curling up in front of a fireside alongside them with a good book. You've strong home-making urges, and your home will be a great source of comfort to your friends and family. You have an emotional intensity, and a strong need for drama. Under stress you will create drama and intensity in your life. You may have been born at a time when your mother experienced a crisis, or your birth may have been traumatic. Your mother may have been possessive and intense. You place importance on communication within the family. Information about your family and its background is also important to you. For instance you may like to collect family photos or study family history. You look after yourself and others by communicating emotional issues. You enjoy fun and creativity within relationships. You will take great pride in your partner. You will also value appearances, and may be proud of your possessions. You have a strong drive to initiate activities. You are spontaneous and like to take risks, You may also be rash and accident prone. You can be aggressive if thwarted. You are on an intense search for the truth. You have strong desires for sexual union and joint enterprises. You could be a transformative teacher. You are a slow but methodical worker, with practical management ability. You are also persistent. (1988 - 1996) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will introduce new structures, possibly governmental or business structures. It indicates a time of consolidation of original ideas and a practical building of new ways. (1901/2 - 1914/16) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation has potential psychic abilities. They hold their spiritual beliefs close to their hearts with a certain amount of emotional attachment. (1884 - 1914) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of transformative inventions, and major breakthroughs in knowledge. People born in this generation were subject to new discoveries with worldwide ramifications. The sign of Leo is considered to be ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Leo is also a fixed sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're sincere, generous and ambitious, enjoying a sense of autonomy in all that you do. You're adept at organising your own life, and enjoy the independence. Generally speaking you're assured of your own purpose, and your life is full and eventful. However, there are times when your passion and haste lead to downfalls, and you also have to be wary of the dictum ""pride before a fall"". Fortunately you're usually back on track quickly thanks to your vital and sunny nature. You will choose a profession which provides independence and autonomy. Assertion, power and initiative are shown publicly. You prefer to be a leader, rather than a follower in your chosen life direction."
"686"	"83964"	"Ramsey Clark"	"1927"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You have difficulty coping with the realities of every day life. Practical daily chores seem beyond your capabilities, and you have difficulty concentrating on matters at hand. You prefer to follow in other people's footsteps rather than initiate actions. You can be relied on to come up with the goods as long as someone else has the initial ideas. Your survival mechanisms are weak. You like to flit from one thing to another, finding difficult to settle down. You enjoy change, although you lack the stability needed to see things through. You may procrastinate. You expect others to be flexible, like yourself. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Inspiring, broad vision, enthusiastic, goal seeking, truthful, adventurous. Can be reckless, unrestrained, tactless. Compassionate, sensitive, self-sacrificing, gentle, intuitive. Can be escapist, impractical, hyper- sensitive, gullible. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Sagittarius indicating that you're a sunny and optimistic individual, with a love of adventure. In fact adventure plays a key role in your life, whether it be literally travelling around the globe, or metaphorically speaking exploring the world of ideas and philosophy. You're particularly enthusiastic about anything that expands your world and helps you forget about daily chores. Religion, law, sport, philosophy, academia, and ethics are just some of the many areas which provide a gourmet of ideas for exploration. For these reasons you're also likely to be attracted to people from foreign lands, who help to give you a fresh and different perspective on life. You also enjoy setting goals, as looking forward to a new vision provides excitement. You have a need for harmony and peaceful surroundings, and will seek peace when under stress. Your mother may be social and harmonious. You seek knowledge to expand your world view. You are a born philosopher, enjoying any information which helps you see the big picture. For instance you may enjoy a religious debate. You place importance on freedom of speech and thought. You are looking for a soul mate in life, not just a marriage partner, but someone who can share your life at the deepest possible level. This is an intense need, and indeed intensity could be a key feature in your relationships. Sexual intensity is also vital ingredient in your primary relationship. Without this emotional and sexual intensity you feel that your relationship is lacking a vital quality, and you may even seek solace in another's arms. You are an inspirational leader, and have a strong desire for exploration and adventure. You may be one-pointed in your desires. You are on an intuitive search for the truth. You are a champion of the underdog. You could be a spiritual or religious teacher. You may be committed to higher education and have a strict moral code. You are also an easygoing and optimistic worker. (2004 - 2012) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will be able to delve into the unconscious and the hidden and work with the intuition. A new understanding of Earth's role in the Universe may be discovered by this generation. (1914/16 - 1928/29) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation is closely linked with the creative arts. Pleasure and extravagance are expressed in both the artistic and spiritual worlds. (1914 - 1939) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of upheaval in social systems. People born into this generation were born into troubled times which threatened their security and family. This generation possessed the ability to form new social concepts. The sign of Pisces is considered to be ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're not a risk-taker, but more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Pisces is also a Mutable Sign denoting versatility, flexibility, adaptability, sensitivity, restlessness, indecision and anxiety. You're sensitive, impressionable, romantic, sentimental, imaginative, affectionate, kind, helpful and misunderstood. Your sensitivity to other people and your environment is both physical and emotional, possibly to the extent that you possess psychic or mediumistic gifts. You're able to sympathise with other people, lending an understanding ear to their troubles and soothing their problems. Your purpose may be linked with physical or emotional healing work. You have an enthusiastic approach to your career. You like to be noticed publicly, and you may have foreign connections in your career."
"995"	"91551"	"Eazy-E"	"1964"	"You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You enjoy challenge and action, and become frustrated when you have no recourse for change. You expect others to also rise to a challenge. You like to flit from one thing to another, finding difficult to settle down. You enjoy change, although you lack the stability needed to see things through. You are receptive to other people and sensitive to the undercurrents involved in relationships. Your identity and personal resources are the basis of all other success in your life. You need to feel secure within yourself before you step out into the world. Family roots and your home environment will provide the foundations for self- discovery and self-knowledge that will form the foundation for future success. You need to make sure that you do not become a stay-at-home. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Nurturing, protective, tenacious, emotional sensitive, watery, strong roots. Can be overly protective, unwilling to let go, timid, reclusive. Meticulous, discriminating, pure, practical, health conscious, hard working. Can be hyper-critical, petty and perfectionistic. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Virgo indicating that you're an analytical person with a keen mind, and will enjoy paying attention to detail. In fact you enjoy anything which requires close analysis ranging from pastimes such as mind-bending puzzles to more demanding work such as cataloguing data and scientific research. You excel in areas that demand concentration, organisation and rational thought. You love order, particularly in your daily life. This can include anything from an organised household to a properly-planned social calendar. Your loved ones will often rely on your organisational abilities, and these qualities may extend into your working life where others will come to appreciate your executive abilities. You have a need for harmony and peaceful surroundings, and will seek peace when under stress. Your mother may be social and harmonious. You have a discriminating mind, and can be critical and analytical. You can also become obsessed with detailed knowledge. This may be to your detriment in daily life, although it is very beneficial for doing any kind of research. You like to be precise in your communications with others. You place emphasis on family relations. You will form strong emotional bonds within your own tribe. You may have an emotional need for financial security. You have the ability to fight for people or causes about which you feel strongly. You are particularly protective of your family. When personally hurt, you are likely to retreat into your shell. You are on a persistent search for the truth. You have the ability to be a loyal and wise teacher. You have a strong desire for abundance. You are a compassionate and intuitive worker, although you can be anxious and fearful. With this position you may experience strong karma to be worked through in this lifetime. (1962 - 1968) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which starts to focus on the practical details of humanity. Medical research, the balance between work and leisure, the links between mind and body come into focus. (1955/57 - 1970) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation has the ability to passionately pursue spiritual values. They face a battle between their desire nature and the desire for a spiritual way of life. They will know of the value of regeneration rather than stagnation. This generation may play a transformative role in the world. (1957 - 1972) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to transform the way the world sees health. Medical research, world-wide diseases, medical discoveries, and the links between mind and body will be focuses for this generation. The sign of Aries is considered ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Aries is also a Cardinal sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. You're frank, pioneering, headstrong and self-reliant. You like to be first. You value challenges, particularly those that test you physically and mentally. Your challenge is to see your ideas through to completion in any project, either by yourself or by ensuring that others can carry out your ideas. You also need to restrain your impulsive nature at times, to make sure that you're not risking your own and other people's safety. You will choose a responsible and respectable career path. You prefer to be seen as authoritative and reliable. You may experience some early career setbacks, but your hard work will pay off in the end and you will receive the respect you desire."
"1019"	"19599"	"Dennis Rodman"	"1961"	"You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You see yourself as an independent individual, capable of organising your own life. You could be self-centred. The planets in this quadrant will highlight the areas of life in which you want to express yourself. Your identity and personal resources are the basis of all other success in your life. You need to feel secure within yourself before you step out into the world. Family roots and your home environment will provide the foundations for self- discovery and self-knowledge that will form the foundation for future success. You need to make sure that you do not become a stay-at-home. Stable and enduring, strong values, unyielding, earthy, acquisitive, strong desires. Can be stuck, stubborn, overly possessive, self-indulgent. Disciplined, responsible, reliable, industrious, conscientious, practical, achieving. Can be pessimistic, overly conventional, rigid, materialistic, callous. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Taurus indicating that you're a reliable and solid individual, with a strong need for stability, routine and security. You approach life in a methodical manner preferring the tried and true pathways of familiar territory. In fact the adventures of unexplored territories fill you with feelings of foreboding and you can be quite stubborn in your refusal to leave your secure surroundings. Much of your energy is spent on making your world secure. For this reason you're appreciated for your reliability and ability to provide a safe haven for others. Tradition appeals to you, and therefore you're often seen as a stalwart in society, taking on the more conventional roles. Your down-to-earth nature also means that you literally enjoy the fruits of the earth. You also enjoy the sensation of textures and tastes, often indulging yourself in the comforts and delights of the sensual side of life. The Moon is exalted in the Sign of Taurus indicating that generally speaking you are able to meet your own emotional needs, or find others who help you. You have an emotional need for stability and steady routines and like to maintain these as much as possible in your life. You may fear change, preferring the safety of the known rather than the unknown. Emotional duress can lead to you indulging in overeating, retreat from the world and perhaps even sins of the flesh. However there is an underlying practicality in your nature which helps you overcome bad habits and find a way of dealing with the world. Although practical you may also be creative and hence find release through massage therapy, interior decorating, cooking, the arts and music. You love conversation and information. You are a fast talker, who likes to collect and network knowledge and data. You enjoy books, letters, magazines, the media, computers and anything else that helps you learn and communicate. You will pursue a partner ardently and hastily, and yet strive for freedom and independence, once you are in an intimate relationship. You like to be the initiator in relationships, and can be aggressive. You may be a spendthrift. You have a strong need to express your personal creativity. You may display dramatic and confident behaviour, and like to make an impact on your surroundings. You may also be arrogant. You are a seeker of the new and inspirational. You hold racially-inclusive values, and are a humanitarian. You are conservative and authoritarian, and have strong worldly ambitions. You are a responsible worker. (1956 - 1962) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which seeks the freedom of individual expression. True individual creativity becomes important, particularly through culture and the arts. (1955/57 - 1970) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation has the ability to passionately pursue spiritual values. They face a battle between their desire nature and the desire for a spiritual way of life. They will know of the value of regeneration rather than stagnation. This generation may play a transformative role in the world. (1957 - 1972) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to transform the way the world sees health. Medical research, world-wide diseases, medical discoveries, and the links between mind and body will be focuses for this generation. The sign of Capricorn is considered to be ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Capricorn is also a Cardinal Sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. You're ambitious, persistent, cautious, prudent and self-reliant. Responsibility and reserve often feature as your first choice of self-expression. You approach most things in life cautiously, making careful plans before starting anything new. You're a plodder, and take life rather seriously. Your ambitions are attainable through hard work and perseverance. You have an intense need for recognition in your work.Your ability to dig deep is brought to your professional life, and you may attract crises at work. Research and public resources often feature in your chosen career."
"2186"	"26535"	"John Stossel"	"1947"	"You have difficulty getting yourself motivated to achieve your own goals. In fact at times you may lack the self-confidence to even set personal goals. You may experience a general lack of enthusiasm, feeling overwhelmed by change. You are a practical and efficient, hands-on person. You can be relied on to take a common-sense approach to most matters. Your down-to-earth manner stands you in good stead for the daily chores of life. Your weakness lies in your sometimes stubborn refusal to make changes in your life. You tend to stifle both your own and other people's enthusiasm. You lack objectivity - the ability to stand back and view aspects of life from a detached and rational perspective. You have difficulty making decisions and in the process of weighing up the pros and cons in a logical manner. You speak from your heart, and are a compassionate and caring person with a strong intuitional nature. You value your personal relationships, in which you often taking on a caretaker role. You are such a sympathetic and understanding person that you are often caught in the role of mother to your loved ones. Your weakness lies in the fact that you fail to take an objective perspective when necessary. You often react without thinking things through first. You prefer to follow in other people's footsteps rather than initiate actions. You can be relied on to come up with the goods as long as someone else has the initial ideas. Your survival mechanisms are weak. You may procrastinate. You expect others to be flexible, like yourself. You strive to make your mark on the world. This may be beneficial, but could become disruptive if you become too caught up in an ideal. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Compassionate, sensitive, self-sacrificing, gentle, intuitive. Can be escapist, impractical, hyper- sensitive, gullible. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Pisces indicating that you're an imaginative and serene individual with a strong wish to be allowed to live in a world where harsher realities fade into the background and the dreamier aspects come into focus. You're a very talented individual, and it is indeed important for you to find a channel for all of your creative energies, otherwise you find yourself slipping into a world of unreality and apathy. You may even find yourself drawn to the world of drugs as a form of escapism. You're the type of person who finds it is important to set aside time each day for meditation, quiet time or artistic pursuits. Quiet activities such as sitting on a beach or listening to soothing music may appeal, in fact any activity which suits your gentle nature. You may find yourself drawn to the mystical or spiritual side of life, in particular pastimes or studies which develop your intuition and understanding of the sacred side of life. You will experience a strong link between the emotions and the body. You have a need for perfection. You may become ill when under stress. Your mother may be critical or a perfectionist. She will provide you with structure and order. You are highly intuitive with a good imagination. You have the ability to tune into other people's thoughts. You may have difficulty distinguishing reality from fantasy. You may experience periods where you seem to disappear into a dream world before being jolted back to reality. You enjoy unconventional and odd relationships, which give you the freedom to express your individuality. You enjoy talking more than touching. You enjoy being in a group of friends. You have a strong drive for a spiritual path. You have strong subconscious emotions, and are highly intuitive. You may resort to victim-like behaviour when faced with a threatening situation or person. You are on an intense search for the truth. You have strong desires for sexual union and joint enterprises. You could be a transformative teacher. You take pride in your work, and have an ability to build personal authority. You tend to work for recognition and power. (1942 - 1949) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which becomes focused on new forms of communication and the world's networks. Original and inventive ideas may spring to life. (1942/43 - 1955/57) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to view human relationships from a more spiritual overall viewpoint, rather than the rules and regulations of the previous (Virgo) generation. It is here that some confusion over right human relations may reign. People of this generation will aim to achieve a balance in human relationships. They will also be concerned with justice. (1939 - 1957) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of power. People of this generation have the ability to use power both positively and negatively. World power and leadership will also be important issues for these people. The sign of Taurus is considered ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Taurus is also a Fixed sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. Structure, stability and reliability are the cornerstones of your life. Your primary motivation is for security, in particular material security, and you aim to achieve this security through practical feats. It's likely to be a slow process towards successfully achieving your purpose, because you'll not be hurried. In fact you need to be wary of becoming too fixed in your comfort zone. The positive side of this tendency is that when you do commit to a course of action, then you can be relied on to come up with the goods. You will choose a responsible and respectable career path. You prefer to be seen as authoritative and reliable. You may experience some early career setbacks, but your hard work will pay off in the end and you will receive the respect you desire."
"2263"	"104076"	"Jacques Valle"	"1939"	"You have difficulty getting yourself motivated to achieve your own goals. In fact at times you may lack the self-confidence to even set personal goals. You may experience a general lack of enthusiasm, feeling overwhelmed by change. You have difficulty coping with the realities of every day life. Practical daily chores seem beyond your capabilities, and you have difficulty concentrating on matters at hand. You are objective and philosophical, preferring to view life from an intellectual perspective. Your rational mind will outweigh your feelings every time, as you consider the world of emotions to be irrational. You have a high sense of fairness, and a logical thought process. Your weakness lies in the fact that you view emotions in a disparaging light. You enjoy challenge and action, and become frustrated when you have no recourse for change. You expect others to also rise to a challenge. You like to flit from one thing to another, finding difficult to settle down. You enjoy change, although you lack the stability needed to see things through. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You are receptive to other people and sensitive to the undercurrents involved in relationships. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Even-handed, harmonious, artistic, diplomatic, balancing, strong sense of fairness. Can be over- compromising, appeasing, judgmental. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Libra indicating that you strive to live a life of peace and harmony. This need for balance can be seen in all areas of your life, but particularly in personal relationships which play such a strong part in your life. Justice and fairness in interpersonal relationships are all-important. You can always see both sides of the story and therefore often find yourself in a peace-making or mediating role. You're diplomatic, and therefore carry out these roles well. However, make sure that you don't lose sight of your own objectives in your efforts to help others feel at ease. There can be a tendency to become so embroiled in the problems of others and in your efforts to make others feel at peace, that you forget about yourself. Artistic appreciation, and perhaps artistic talents, will feature in your life. You feel secure with intellect rather than emotions. You may be aloof from emotions, or distrust emotions as irrational and unpredictable. You may have viewed your mother as emotionally erratic. You are a diplomat and peacemaker, often acting as a go-between in relationships. You a good communicator, putting others at their ease. Arguments may upset you, as you prefer harmony in communications. You have a strong need for relationships. You will also require your relationships to be harmonious, peaceful, and creative. You enjoy having beautiful possessions. You will pursue your personal desires in a responsible and methodical manner. You have strong ambitions, and may be domineering if threatened. You are freedom-loving, and a spontaneous seeker of the truth. You have the potential to be a philosophical or religious leader. You are resourceful, and capable of applying new methods in a practical manner. Your lessons are in patience and self-reliance. (1934 - 1942) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which had the tenacity to pursue the new ways of society. Suddenly humanity's resources come into focus. (1928/29 - 1942/43) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. People of this generation are faced with the task of analysing the excesses of extravagance, and organising a systemic approach to blending the spiritual and practical. They are concerned with spiritual matters becoming part of a daily routine. For instance, it is this generation that may view regular attendance at church a necessity for good healthy living. (1939 - 1957) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of power. People of this generation have the ability to use power both positively and negatively. World power and leadership will also be important issues for these people. The sign of Cancer is considered ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're not a risk-taker, but are more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Cancer is also a Cardinal sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. Caring for others is your major purpose in life. This could be caring for your own family and friends, extended family, pets, children or the elderly, or caring for humanity, or all of these. You're impressionable, tenacious, hospitable, sympathetic and moody. You've strong feelings, ranging from the most pure feelings of compassion to the most intense feelings of hatred. On the positive side your life is motivated by the highest form of feelings motivating you to care for other people, and bringing both you and the other parties a sense of warmth and emotional satisfaction. You will serve humanity through your career. You may suffer through changes of profession, and chase fantasies about your life direction. You may feel overwhelmed by career decisions."
"2352"	"101712"	"Josh Allen"	"1996"	"You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Stable and enduring, strong values, unyielding, earthy, acquisitive, strong desires. Can be stuck, stubborn, overly possessive, self-indulgent. Agile, versatile, inquisitive, flowing, conversational, airy, many ideas. Can be volatile, superficial, changeable, restless and inconsistent. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Gemini indicating that you're curious, lively, versatile and talkative, with a need for constant stimulation. You're adept at keeping your finger on the pulse of several things at once, like a juggler. Many times you weave your way successfully and skilfully through your many activities leaving others in somewhat breathless awe of your abilities. However, there are also many times when everything comes tumbling down around you and you're left to pick up the pieces which have been scattered throughout your life. Communication is a key element in your life, taking the form of lively conversation, letter writing, study, numerous telephone calls or even travelling to various destinations to satisfy your curiosity. You've a tendency to liven up even the quietest environment, sometimes even introducing a chaotic element. Life is never dull around you. You need nurturing. Under stress you may want to retire to the comfort of your home. You will form a strong bond with your mother. You may have difficulty in breaking away from home later in life. You place importance on traditional knowledge. You learn in a slow, methodical and hands-on manner. You stick to old ideas and may fear having to learn anything new. You are curious and flirtatious, and enjoy intellectual relationships with exchanges of ideas. Communicating within a relationship is important to you. You can be restless, and sometimes gets bored. You may have many money-making schemes. You have strong personal desires, although you will usually follow a reliable course of action in attaining those desires. You are stubborn if opposed. You have integrity and traditional values. You also seek professional status and recognition, and could be overly concerned with the letter of the law. You are resourceful, and capable of applying new methods in a practical manner. Your lessons are in patience and self-reliance. (1996 - 2004) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is a generation capable of brilliant scientific discoveries. It indicates original and inventive insight which benefits humanity. (1984 - 2000) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to apply discipline on the spiritual path. They will possess the wisdom to incorporate both the old and new spiritual values to form a firm foundation for future spiritual growth. (2000 - ) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will experience the need to transform their religious views to incorporate all philosophies and religions. The sign of Scorpio is considered to be ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Scorpio is also a Fixed Sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're shrewd, resourceful, perceptive, secretive, proud, and reserved. You're fated to experience some battles in life, resulting in possible crises in your emotional state, your physical health or your public status. The key to achieving your true purpose is to act with integrity at all times. You've a strong will, which is best applied to achieving positive results. Your sense of self-importance is strongly linked with your public status. You like to shine in your professional field. You have power, strength and leadership skills in your profession."
"2429"	"95740"	"John Lackey"	"1978"	"You have difficulty getting yourself motivated to achieve your own goals. In fact at times you may lack the self-confidence to even set personal goals. You may experience a general lack of enthusiasm, feeling overwhelmed by change. You lack objectivity - the ability to stand back and view aspects of life from a detached and rational perspective. You have difficulty making decisions and in the process of weighing up the pros and cons in a logical manner. You speak from your heart, and are a compassionate and caring person with a strong intuitional nature. You value your personal relationships, in which you often taking on a caretaker role. You are such a sympathetic and understanding person that you are often caught in the role of mother to your loved ones. Your weakness lies in the fact that you fail to take an objective perspective when necessary. You often react without thinking things through first. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You find it difficult to adapt to new situations. You tend to be inflexible when faced with the demands of change and other people. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. You strive to make your mark on the world. This may be beneficial, but could become disruptive if you become too caught up in an ideal. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Intense, magnetic, penetrating perception, power to confront. Can be destructive, vengeful, jealous, overly dramatic. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Scorpio indicating that you're a passionate and intense individual, who likes to experience life at a very deep level. None of the superficial skating over life's surface for you. You like to penetrate life's mysteries and the intricacies of personal relationships. You demand an intimacy and honesty in your life that can be challenging to others. In fact you're an excellent counsellor as you're insightful and not frightened of tackling the minefield of emotions which surround subjects such as death, sexuality and metaphysical experiences. You're also resourceful, in particular in financial matters. You often know the right place to search for information, or the right person to approach. You need nurturing. Under stress you may want to retire to the comfort of your home. You will form a strong bond with your mother. You may have difficulty in breaking away from home later in life. You use resources well. You have a tendency to delve into the core of matters, preferring this to superficial knowledge. You may also be a worrier. Communications with you are intense. You are looking for a soul mate in life, not just a marriage partner, but someone who can share your life at the deepest possible level. This is an intense need, and indeed intensity could be a key feature in your relationships. Sexual intensity is also vital ingredient in your primary relationship. Without this emotional and sexual intensity you feel that your relationship is lacking a vital quality, and you may even seek solace in another's arms. You are a passionate warrior. You are dramatic, and may have strong sexual urges. You may make a vengeful opponent. You are benevolent, generous and fun loving. You are on an enthusiastic search for creative expression. You may also have a love of children. You are hardworking, practical, and good at problem-solving. You are concerned with rules and regulations. You may follow a disciplined fitness routine, and could work in the field of health. (1975 - 1981) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is a generation which will experience highly-charged emotions and transformation in their lives. These people will hold many innovative ideas about change. They may experience a world-wide upheaval during their lifetime. (1970 - 1984) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the gift of spiritual vision. They will be able to help humanity focus on spiritual goals and become more expansive and inclusive of differing races and beliefs. (1972 - 1984) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will be concerned with the cause of justice and transforming human relations. They possess the ability to see the necessity for change in personal and global relations. The sign of Capricorn is considered to be ""feminine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to wait until you feel comfortable before pursuing your purpose. You're also likely to depend on other people to take the initiative. Capricorn is also a Cardinal Sign denoting enterprise, enthusiasm, self-assertion and initiative. You're ambitious, persistent, cautious, prudent and self-reliant. Responsibility and reserve often feature as your first choice of self-expression. You approach most things in life cautiously, making careful plans before starting anything new. You're a plodder, and take life rather seriously. Your ambitions are attainable through hard work and perseverance. You have an intense need for recognition in your work.Your ability to dig deep is brought to your professional life, and you may attract crises at work. Research and public resources often feature in your chosen career."
"2700"	"100326"	"Dream"	"1999"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You prefer to follow in other people's footsteps rather than initiate actions. You can be relied on to come up with the goods as long as someone else has the initial ideas. Your survival mechanisms are weak. You do not enjoy change. You expect others to be reliable, like yourself. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Self-confident, generous, warm-hearted, powerful leader, dramatic. Can be overly proud, vain, extravagant, arrogant. Meticulous, discriminating, pure, practical, health conscious, hard working. Can be hyper-critical, petty and perfectionistic. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Leo indicating that you're good-hearted, and have a sunny personality which shines in the company of others. In fact you love an audience, basking in the attention which comes with being centre stage. Most of the time you do manage to attract the attention that you so keenly seek, as your enthusiasm and sense of fun has a contagious effect lighting a spark of fun and joy in those around you. Your generous nature also means that you're willing to share your abundant goodwill with others. You may also find yourself surrounded by children ready to join your playful games, for you're adept at bringing out the child in everyone.. Astrologically the Sun is said to be in its own Rulership in the sign of Leo, emphasising the positive sunny aspects of this placement. You will experience a strong link between the emotions and the body. You have a need for perfection. You may become ill when under stress. Your mother may be critical or a perfectionist. She will provide you with structure and order. You are enthusiastic in your quest for knowledge. You are proud of your learning abilities, and believe in the saying that learning is fun. You may have a tendency to be a know-it-all. You will seek meaningful relationships with a practical basis. You will want your partner to be precise, neat and punctual. You may expect perfection. You will enjoy having detailed analytical conversations. You are a passionate warrior. You are dramatic, and may have strong sexual urges. You may make a vengeful opponent. You are on a persistent search for the truth. You have the ability to be a loyal and wise teacher. You have a strong desire for abundance. You are a slow but methodical worker, with practical management ability. You are also persistent. (1996 - 2004) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is a generation capable of brilliant scientific discoveries. It indicates original and inventive insight which benefits humanity. (2000 - ) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. In the Aquarian age humanity will learn to live as a collective. This generation will possess the ability to pursue new and different spiritual visions - the gift of revelation. (2000 - ) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will experience the need to transform their religious views to incorporate all philosophies and religions. The sign of Aquarius is considered ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Aquarius is also a Fixed Sign denoting fixity of purpose, resolution, self-reliance and independence. You're gregarious and unconventional, original and objective. You're independent, and yet your purpose and fate are strongly linked with your friends and associates, and groups of people. Your associates can either help or hinder you achieve your purpose, depending on how quickly you learn to assert yourself. You're usually a good judge of character, but need to learn to trust your instincts. Your purpose may be linked with humanitarian causes, or with metaphysical groups or pursuits. It's also possible that you're interested in scientific ideals. You have an enthusiastic approach to your career. You like to be noticed publicly, and you may have foreign connections in your career."
"3488"	"17082"	"Michael Ray Richardson"	"1955"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You have difficulty coping with the realities of every day life. Practical daily chores seem beyond your capabilities, and you have difficulty concentrating on matters at hand. You are objective and philosophical, preferring to view life from an intellectual perspective. Your rational mind will outweigh your feelings every time, as you consider the world of emotions to be irrational. You have a high sense of fairness, and a logical thought process. Your weakness lies in the fact that you view emotions in a disparaging light. You may procrastinate. You expect others to be flexible, like yourself. You strive to make your mark on the world. This may be beneficial, but could become disruptive if you become too caught up in an ideal. You are a self-motivated and self-oriented individual. You like to map out your own life and follow your own path, experiencing difficulties only if anyone stands in your way. You value your independence and enjoy your own company. You enjoy the company of other people, but only if they give you plenty of freedom for your own pursuits. You need to watch out for egocentric and selfish behaviour. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Initiating, pioneering energy. Independent, bold, courageous, assertive, fiery, inspirational, direct, decisive. Can be egotistical, impulsive, impatient, aggressive, lacking subtlety. Agile, versatile, inquisitive, flowing, conversational, airy, many ideas. Can be volatile, superficial, changeable, restless and inconsistent. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Aries indicating that you're an assertive and freedom-loving individual, with a strong need for independence. Others may call you headstrong, but you simply believe that everyone has a right to assert themselves in any situation. Life presents many challenges which you enjoy meeting head-on regardless of the obstacles along the way. You're a natural-born leader. The ability to focus on one's own goals to the exclusion of others is a healthy trait, but like all things a balance is needed, and you must make sure that you take the time to include others' points of views and modus operandi. On the whole though you handle yourself with aplomb as, astrologically speaking, the Sun is exalted in Aries emphasising the strengths rather than the weaknesses. You have an emotional need for adventure and independence, and an instinctual urge for travel and exploring. Under stress you will want to go on an adventure. Your mother may be seen as fun-loving and independent. You are an independent thinker. You talk quickly, and like to think up new ideas. You may experience flashes of intuition. You yearn to merge and be at-one with your partner. In fact you want to be at-one with the universe. You also enjoy sharing inspirational activities with your partner, ranging from listening to beautiful music to visiting an art gallery. You like to initiate ideas and spread information. You are assertive, although you can resort to evasive behaviour. You have a strong urge to look after your loved ones. You may also be idealistic. You may have a large family, or feel as though the world is your family. You have an intense commitment to work and joint enterprises. You are a resourceful and determined worker. (1949 - 1956) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation which will nurture ideas and add the emotional component. Communication may be important, also the role of emotions. The traditional ways of communicating with loved ones may be changed. (1942/43 - 1955/57) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to view human relationships from a more spiritual overall viewpoint, rather than the rules and regulations of the previous (Virgo) generation. It is here that some confusion over right human relations may reign. People of this generation will aim to achieve a balance in human relationships. They will also be concerned with justice. (1939 - 1957) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This is the generation of power. People of this generation have the ability to use power both positively and negatively. World power and leadership will also be important issues for these people. The sign of Gemini is considered to be ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Gemini is also a Mutable sign denoting versatility, flexibility, adaptability, sensitivity, restlessness, indecision and anxiety. You're clever, cunning, intuitive and restless. Enjoying life at a fast pace you certainly live up to the Mutable side of the sign of Gemini. You delight in taking a flexible and adaptable approach to life, preferring to keep all of your options open rather than committing to one course of action. Your primary motivation is stimulation, because you hate to be bored. For this reason you're rarely settled in one place for long. You enjoy exchanging ideas with other people, whether it be through the spoken or written word. Communication is vital, and you soon develop a strong desire for knowledge and expression to help you overcome the dualities in your life. You will be ingenious and original in your chosen profession. You may choose an unconventional career path. You want to make a contribution to humanity. You may change careers."
"4262"	"97600"	"K. J. Wright"	"1989"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You lack objectivity - the ability to stand back and view aspects of life from a detached and rational perspective. You have difficulty making decisions and in the process of weighing up the pros and cons in a logical manner. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Self-confident, generous, warm-hearted, powerful leader, dramatic. Can be overly proud, vain, extravagant, arrogant. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Leo indicating that you're good-hearted, and have a sunny personality which shines in the company of others. In fact you love an audience, basking in the attention which comes with being centre stage. Most of the time you do manage to attract the attention that you so keenly seek, as your enthusiasm and sense of fun has a contagious effect lighting a spark of fun and joy in those around you. Your generous nature also means that you're willing to share your abundant goodwill with others. You may also find yourself surrounded by children ready to join your playful games, for you're adept at bringing out the child in everyone.. Astrologically the Sun is said to be in its own Rulership in the sign of Leo, emphasising the positive sunny aspects of this placement. You have an emotional need for action and independence. Under stress you will seek a challenge and time on your own, away from other people. You may have experienced your mother as independent and possibly impatient. As an adult you are a go-getter. You are enthusiastic in your quest for knowledge. You are proud of your learning abilities, and believe in the saying that learning is fun. You may have a tendency to be a know-it-all. You enjoy fun and creativity within relationships. You will take great pride in your partner. You will also value appearances, and may be proud of your possessions. You have a strong need to express your personal creativity. You may display dramatic and confident behaviour, and like to make an impact on your surroundings. You may also be arrogant. You search for a constant exchange of information. You are a versatile student and teacher. You are conservative and authoritarian, and have strong worldly ambitions. You are a responsible worker. (1988 - 1996) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will introduce new structures, possibly governmental or business structures. It indicates a time of consolidation of original ideas and a practical building of new ways. (1984 - 2000) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to apply discipline on the spiritual path. They will possess the wisdom to incorporate both the old and new spiritual values to form a firm foundation for future spiritual growth. (1984 - 2000) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the ability to initiate change on a world-wide basis in order to rise above the basic desires of humanity. They may experience conflict on a world-wide basis. They will be forced to learn the right use of the world's resources. The sign of Sagittarius is considered ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Sagittarius is also a Mutable sign denoting versatility, flexibility, adaptability, sensitivity, restlessness, indecision and anxiety. You're open-minded, honest, idealistic, jovial, impulsive and a deep thinker. You view life as a continual adventure with many exciting lessons, experiencing good fortune on your travels. Your irrepressible enthusiasm is irresistible, and others are keen to join your adventures. You're ardent, affectionate, and kind-hearted. If you can restrain your impulses and harness your positive traits then you're likely to be fortunate in life and an inspiration to others. You are hardworking, critical and exacting in your profession. You prefer order at work, and like to be recognised for your high standards and detailed work."
"4624"	"74818"	"Christian Chvez"	"1983"	"You are a highly-motivated person with many goals and aspirations for the future. You are vital and spontaneous, often enjoying the challenge of travelling down new and adventurous roads in your life. Your enthusiasm is irrepressible. Your weakness lies in your tendency to exaggerate and your inability to cope with the more mundane activities in life. You are out of kilter with your emotions. Crying or losing your cool in front of other people would be a horrifying thought, let alone action, for you. You often lack compassion for others in your human relationships, and need to learn to honor both your own and other people's feelings. You will look for relationships with an objective, rather than personal, outlook. You also want to be public, and to play your part in society. Your interactions with other people take on a paramount role in your life. You value both your personal relationships, and the interactions of the human race. You have a gift for mediating in your relationships, as you possess insight into the nuances of relationships. You learn most about yourself in the context of your relationships. You need to make sure you are not engulfed in stifling relationships. Public life is the pinnacle for you. You gain personal satisfaction from your achievements in the world, and learn much about yourself through your position in the public arena. Your need for a high public profile could be met through both your career and your social status. You need to make sure that your achievements are not at the expense of your loved ones. Self-confident, generous, warm-hearted, powerful leader, dramatic. Can be overly proud, vain, extravagant, arrogant. Meticulous, discriminating, pure, practical, health conscious, hard working. Can be hyper-critical, petty and perfectionistic. Even-handed, harmonious, artistic, diplomatic, balancing, strong sense of fairness. Can be over- compromising, appeasing, judgmental. Inspiring, broad vision, enthusiastic, goal seeking, truthful, adventurous. Can be reckless, unrestrained, tactless. Your Sun is in the zodiac sign of Leo indicating that you're good-hearted, and have a sunny personality which shines in the company of others. In fact you love an audience, basking in the attention which comes with being centre stage. Most of the time you do manage to attract the attention that you so keenly seek, as your enthusiasm and sense of fun has a contagious effect lighting a spark of fun and joy in those around you. Your generous nature also means that you're willing to share your abundant goodwill with others. You may also find yourself surrounded by children ready to join your playful games, for you're adept at bringing out the child in everyone.. Astrologically the Sun is said to be in its own Rulership in the sign of Leo, emphasising the positive sunny aspects of this placement. With the Moon in the sign of Leo you love to be the centre of attention. It's not necessarily that you like to be on stage in front of lots of people, but that you like to take centre stage in the lives of your loved ones. You want to play, and know all the tricks of the trade when it comes to getting others to join you. This can make you delightful company. When life gets tough you like to play in order to lighten up the situation. Parties, festivals, picnics and other fun events are the food of life, as far as you're concerned. You have a discriminating mind, and can be critical and analytical. You can also become obsessed with detailed knowledge. This may be to your detriment in daily life, although it is very beneficial for doing any kind of research. You like to be precise in your communications with others. You will seek meaningful relationships with a practical basis. You will want your partner to be precise, neat and punctual. You may expect perfection. You will enjoy having detailed analytical conversations. You have the ability to fight for people or causes about which you feel strongly. You are particularly protective of your family. When personally hurt, you are likely to retreat into your shell. You have a love of adventure, philosophy, study, religions, and foreign cultures. You could be an enthusiastic and inspirational teacher. You have the ability to create responsible and long-lasting relationships. You are committed to both intimate and business partners. (1981 - 1988) It is important to note that Uranus spends a long time in each sign, and therefore the interpretation applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will seek and teach new visions for humanity. They will introduce new concepts of philosophy, religion and ethics. (1970 - 1984) It is important to note that Neptune takes about 164 years to make a complete cycle, spending about thirteen years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Neptune in the Sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation possesses the gift of spiritual vision. They will be able to help humanity focus on spiritual goals and become more expansive and inclusive of differing races and beliefs. (1972 - 1984) It is important to note that Pluto takes about 248 years to make a complete cycle, spending 12 to 32 years in each sign. Therefore the interpretation of Pluto in its sign applies to a generation rather than the individual. For a more individual interpretation look at the house position. This generation will be concerned with the cause of justice and transforming human relations. They possess the ability to see the necessity for change in personal and global relations. The sign of Sagittarius is considered ""masculine"" by Ancient astrologers suggesting that you're more likely to actively seek your purpose in life, taking the initiative rather than waiting until circumstances are comfortable. Sagittarius is also a Mutable sign denoting versatility, flexibility, adaptability, sensitivity, restlessness, indecision and anxiety. You're open-minded, honest, idealistic, jovial, impulsive and a deep thinker. You view life as a continual adventure with many exciting lessons, experiencing good fortune on your travels. Your irrepressible enthusiasm is irresistible, and others are keen to join your adventures. You're ardent, affectionate, and kind-hearted. If you can restrain your impulses and harness your positive traits then you're likely to be fortunate in life and an inspiration to others. You will choose a profession for beauty, harmony and balance. Social skills are also viewed as important in your chosen path. You prefer a harmonious work environment."
